docs: Add user and program area management to `setup.md` (#919)
CDCgov/dibbs-ecr-viewer: containers/ecr-viewer/guides/setup.md

curl --location '<DIBBS_URL>/ecr-viewer/api/migrate-db' \
--form 'migration_secret=<your migration secret>'
```

## User and Program Area Setup

### Initialization

> Before using the app, you must initialize the database with an admin account. When calling the `/migrate-db` endpoint (see above), the `init_admin_email` is included in the form to designate which user (by email) should be granted admin access. This email must correspond to a real user in your IDP (e.g., Keycloak).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before using the app, you must initialize the database with an admin account. When calling the `/migrate-db` endpoint (see above), include the `init_admin_email` field in the form to designate which user (by email) should be granted admin access. This email must correspond to a real user in your IDP (e.g., Keycloak).
```

Once initialized, your IDP handles authentication. The user with the email provided in `init_admin_email` will have admin privileges.

### Roles and Privileges

> **Admins**: Have full access to manage program areas, user accounts, and all eCRs in the eCR Library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Admins**: Have full access to manage program areas, user accounts, and to view all eCRs in the eCR Library.
```

1. **Program Area Management**

- Can add, edit, and delete program areas.
- Each program area must have at least one condition, and each program area name must be unique.
- A condition cannot belong to more than one program area.

2. **User Management**

> - Can add, edit, and delete users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Can create, edit, and delete users.
```

> - Users must have unique emails, but do not need to be assigned to any program area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users must have unique emails and standard users should be added to program areas to be able to view any eCRs.
```
